# Summer blues // Mission 3-1

The squad heads out through the jungles to investigate the first crash site. The jungle is thick and the mechs have to move through the upper canopy. Below they can see Subalterns wandering aimlessly.

The squad spots the ship and is able to determine that it is a small sunlight scout vessel. It's been landed fairly well considering it's not designed for atmosphere. **Jeremiah**  is able to spot someone hiding on the top of the craft away from subalterns below. Through some luck he is able to contact the man but slips on his words and a fight breaks out. 

**OKHOTNIK** charges into a **PYRO** frame as **RASBERRY THURSDAY** clears of several **GRUNT BERSERKERS** and **AUFHEBEN** wipes out several swarms of subalterns. A **SCOURER** barely missed  **RASBERRY THURSDAY** as the drop to all fours following the advice of **MAAHINEN**.

A ping arrives from a source going by the name **THE HERALD**. ‘Notice: You may still surrender /// If not missile will arrive in [[30]] seconds’.  The old Sec Com frame opens with a barrage of cluster missiles. **OKHOTNIK** is able to jet up to the spacecraft, making sure the pilot is safe. **MAAHINEN** shoots down a large missile with the signature **NOTICE** with one round of rifle shots. Again **RASBERRY THURSDAY** clears of several **GRUNT BERSERKERS**. **AUFHEBEN** is able to torch the **THE HERALD**, unable to escape from the plasma talon's grip.

The rogue machines disperse, and the pilot **Ted Larsen** emerges from the crash. He is sketchy, but after some pressure reveals that he is smuggling some cryogenically frozen people planet side. **Andreus** reports this back to Evergreen. **Nikk** realizes that these are people he knows and gives **Ted** strict instructions on heading back to evergreen.

# Summer blues // Mission 3-2

The squad heads to the second crash site. However as they get there they don't find a wreck, but a hole. Hundreds of subalterns dig through the dirt. **Jeremiah** gets a ping that a large debris field is inbound on his EVA. But it's not above, it's coming from below. As hands of subalterns and frames start to rise from the ground digging up. Their numbers are in the thousands. The squad must retreat.

Escaping down a nearby valley, **RASBERRY THURSDAY** prospects a tunnel shortcut under a nearby cliff. **OKHOTNIK** charges a rams down a towering **GOLIATH** pinning it for **MAAHINEN** to kill with a shot from **STING**. **OKHOTNIK** slams forwards and is able to stunlock a demolisher. As countless berserks charge fourth in an avalanche, the squad takes some hits. But are able to escape with clever use of flight, Accelerate, and Pursue Prey

# Summer blues // Mission 3-3

Escaping the clutches of the machines. The squad rendezvous with the gray town evacuation effort. Reports of another hole come in from the south west and squads of aggressive subalterns are being spotted everywhere. Getting stuck in the squad helps how they can:

 - **Nikk** tries to convince a farm of neo luddites to evacuate to no avail
 - **Andreus** made a deal with a a group of rebels looking to help evac on their terms
 - **Kyriea** triaged a group caught in a bus mudslide
 - **Jeremiah** chases up a run away self driving truck full of supplies. After some time he is able to overload the drones inside and retrieve it.
 - **Nikk** cleared the way through a ford infested with giant lobsters
 - **Kyriea** was able to lift a mobile home out of the ground as well as a young girls spirits
 - **Andreus** held up a collapsing farmstead as a family escaped the grasp of their lumber subaltern

As the day grew late and the armies of the Machine flew closer. The squad defended as the final trucks were loaded. **THE WEAPON** approached, an elite frame equipped with a devastating energy shotgun. **OKHOTNIK** tries to hold them back while but takes some major blows from them and a **PYRO**. **RASBERRY THURSDAY** picks off a **SUPPORT** but this just enranges and bolsters **THE WEAPON**. **AUFHEBEN** hold the line against a **SCOURER** whose energy beam rips through gold plating. **MAAHINEN** holds the center but is accosted by an **ASSASSIN**. With some calculated fire support **RASBERRY THURSDAY** lands a critical blow vs **THE WEAPON**, causing it to immediately crumple. **AUFHEBEN** enters primal fury and torches an assaulting **AVENGER**, taking laz fire from **SCOURER** the entire time. Eventually the tide is turned back and the convoy is able to escape.